Towson back to you thanks Gary wondering
what's in the forecast for your weekend
gaming get away here's mystery with the
answer misty thanks Allison wondering
what's in the forecast for your weekend
gaming get away here's misty with the
answer misty it's warm and fair in
Hyrule today with a sixty percent chance
of falling in a dungeon good news trains
are all on schedule let's check in on
the Mushroom Kingdom you totes may start
out enjoying clear skies and sunshine
but before too long I see a cold front
coming in you're going to be freezing
and sliding on all the ice bird but my
weather woman's intuition tells me a
little further down the line you're
looking at a heat wave I'm talking
and finally the weather on woohoo Island
it's looking perfect just like the past
197 days thanks misty coming up any
second now our top story but first
here's in ten a week's own Allison with
the culture corner all of us enjoy the
beauty and excitement of DSiWare games
but no one really knows how they get in
here when I first played the new dsiware
game glow artisan it was so unique and
fun I just had to find out how it had
come to be Nintendo we tracked down the
team from power head games this
developers took time out of their busy
schedule to tell me all about the game
that is glow artisan so glow artisan is
a really unique type of puzzle game tell
us about it glow artisan is is a hard
game to describe but everyone who has
sat down and play the game loves it
immediately and like others games seems
really simple and then half an hour goes
by and they're still playing the game
it's again that takes advantage of the
dsi hardware really well uses the top
screen to show you an image that you
want to recreate on the bottom screen
using the stylus and you get to combine
colors and add colors and subtract lines
to recreate the puzzle that's on the top
screen it's just one of those games that
it's like fun right away and then it's
gets really really challenging and it
just keeps being fun and I'm still
having fun with it and I've played it
for probably hundreds of hours by now so
tell us about the mechanics of the game
everyone didn't get it right away so
what we decided to do was to introduce
the steps in the mechanics one by one so
as you're playing the game first you
learn that you have to draw off on the
sides and the second thing you learn is
that you can mix colors to make new
colors and then you learn that you can
cut colors and by the time you finish
the tutorial you are a glow artists and
master tell us how you use the Nintendo
DSi camera feature in the game you can
use the camera to go around and take
pictures of anything you want and then
turn those into levels and not only can
you play them yourself that you can send
them to friends using Wireless we'd like
to think of glowers in is a casual
hardcore game but it's really deep I
mean it's not just hey let's you know
max
huggles on the top screen there's over a
hundred levels there's lots of
multiplayer modes there's different
randomizer modes there's almost infinite
gameplay plus you can use the exact
level creation tool that we use to make
the puzzles in the first place to make
your own levels to give to friends I
think at some point you ask me how many
levels we can make and I said we could
make a thousand levels and you kept
calling you out on it and at some point
we made the randomizer mode which
randomly makes a level at which point i
brought it through jason and said jason
here you go we have millions of levels
so I've accomplished my 1000 level that
I don't make thank you so much for being
here today oh thanks a lot of that is so
there you have it glow artisan is
available now for 500 nintendo dsi
points a small price for a colorful
experience back to you Gary thanks
Allison you're welcome and finally our
top story Nintendo week has uncovered
something shocking about new super mario
brothers wii that's right Gary Nintendo
week is going to show you how to get
three bonus one us when you finish a
course in a one-player game shall we
let's in some new super mario brothers
week horses toad will appear and say
help me and if you play that course and
rescue him you'll get a bonus one and if
you make it to the end of the course
without toad taking any damage you'll
get 31 ups instead of just one
there you go bonus Alison and back to
you Gary no back to you I insist back to
you that's okay I'm good you can keep it
and that's it for today's installment of
Nintendo week join us next time when we
present our report on ace attorney
investigations miles edgeworth the new
game for the nintendo DS system what we
found might surprise you and will also
celebrate the arrival of something new
for wii that comes in both pink and blue
what could that be that and much more on
the next Nintendo week but until then
game often game well and came over okay
we're cut can stop the fake talking
thank goodness yeah I was running out of
things not to say